Update release notes for 22.4 (#15643)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: CHANGELOG.md

<!--
Contains editorialized release notes. Raw release notes should go into `RELEASE-NOTES.txt`.
-->
## 22.4

> We've enhanced your WooCommerce experience with this update! Now view receipts for failed transactions in order details, enjoy improved POS features including coupon search and popular product suggestions, and benefit from smoother order management. We've also fixed a crash when reloading order details after web refunds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this version of the Woo app, you'll be able to see receipts for failed transactions, and enter addresses more easily in order creation. On iPad, we've improved POS search by adding coupon search, and you'll see your most popular products before you search. We've also fixed a crash when reloading order details after a refund on the web.
```
